a quiet training in the run-up to this Sunday's home game
against Pato The Hague on the future before the players fell on the goal
the disappointment against oz you have to push the button that is not always easy that
Imagine being there without one of the points evening yes then you are actually
almost certain of the third time down from
I return that night myself nice to read that the peloton the chickens
and of course in Oostende
the ball delicious, really awesome that he tells him no pigment that I say
ajax will make the moss of us stand out shortly before the play in the comedy contest
play against ado the hague
It is of course we just have to do extremely well
the Council
play good football and act over the flanks with crosses
it's you see them
Prince is getting one
yes but still
but then we must always do it
Albert van Winds
completely lost yes things tens have put this down well I think I know the second one
and a tricky step on these games and
definitely have to stop looking at it from there
and we are much more quality it in this group and I am convinced that we
to feel
we should, but we also want ordinary books, the three points that wilders
cars
mousavi called all insects
according to the department in the hague
Amsterdam then designed him for a new important goal
yes that the
evander tops with to see themselves also the leading to work against all
possible opponent is another match and aram
once again from zero you have to show crazy hey
the intention was to be a basic player here just like in the previous season
this season
I often have to settle for a place on the couch
that is the best thing I am not playing with
ball on the roof of course not if we have something concrete and always
You mainly have to see improvement and the competition then plays the competition
fine again but you have to vote for it
Then you must see that it is not about me but about Ajax and a house
from now on costs champion
that is another evening out on Sunday
and that is ultimately a combination of many factors
like by
xfx possible quality
and not to forget
the piece is unknown
this wise lesson was given to the young talent roly bonevacia
not everyone could see